Subject: Snow Day!
From:    David Evans <evans@virginia.edu>
Date:    1/21/16, 7:39 PM

Hi all,

As you've probably heard, a massive blizzard is coming and the
University has declared tomorrow as snow day!

We'll revise the schedule accordingly:

- Please complete the "before 8:29pm Thursday" items on
http://www.xplorecs.org/class1 no later than noon tomorrow, except you
should now remember to bring the signed course pledge back to class
Monday.

- For the items listed for "11:29pm on Sunday, 24 January", you should
still be able to complete the first two of these (read Chapter 2 of the
coursebook, and the Udacity cs101 course through completing "Problem Set
1"), but the first opportunity to take the "white belt test" will be
postponed to Wednesday's class (Jan 27).  For the Udacity cs101 course,
you should attempt to at least complete the "Lesson 1: How to Get
Started" and "Lesson 1: Problem Set" sections (the last question #9, is
marked as a "double gold star" question - you should attempt to solve
this, but don't be stressed if you can't get it).  It is not expected
that you do the "Lesson 1: Problem Set (Optional)" section (although you
may find it useful to try these extra problems).  You don't need to
watch the "Lesson 1: Q&A" segment, although might find it worth watching
for Peter Chapman's (UVA BACS 2012) comedic talents!

Be wary that Udacity will try to get you to give them a credit card
number and register for various non-free things, but none of these are
necessary for what you will do in this course.  You do need to register
(provide an email address or use Facebook or Google single sign-on), but
do not need to do anything that is not free on the site.

- If you are on the waiting list now, if you complete the "before 8:29pm
Thursday" items and your registration survey id matches the one on the
waiting list, you are in the class.  (I don't think there is a way for
me to do this automatically in SIS; instead, I'll set up a permission so
you can enroll in the class, and I believe you'll receive a notification
to do this, but will still need to actually do the enrollment in SIS.)

I'll be on slack between sledding and snow-person-making opportunities
tomorrow if you have any questions (and on email).

Have a great snow day,

--- Dave
